Problem Statement & Other Instructions
Passing Criterion for this project:

Part 1 score should be grater than 7
Part 2 score should be greater than 0.84

Note : Part 2 passing score is different for each project

Part 1
Part 1 of the project contains a quiz which is present in the section 'submit your part 1 solution here'. There are 10 questions of 1 mark each and you need to score of minimum 7 out of 10 in order to pass the quiz i.e. to pass part 1 of the project.

Part 2

Why are our best and most experienced employees leaving prematurely? Use this database and try to predict which valuable employees will leave next. Fields in the dataset include:
Employee satisfaction level
Last evaluation
Number of projects
Average monthly hours
Time spent at the company
Whether they have had a work accident
Whether they have had a promotion in the last 5 years
Department
Salary
Whether the employee has left

We have given you two datasets , hr_train.csv and hr_test.csv . You need to use data hr_train.csv to build predictive model for response variable ‘left’. hr_test.csv data contains all other factors except “left”, you need to predict that using the model that you developed and submit your predicted values in a csv files.

You have to submit the probability scores, not the hard classes.

If you are using decision trees or random forest here, probability scores can be calculated as:
score=model.predict_proba(X_train)[:,1]
score=model.predict_proba(X_test)[:,1]

Evaluation Criterion : AUC  score on test data. larger AUC score, better Model

Please read through the points given below before you begin :
1. Your AUC score for test data should come out to be more than 0.84
2. You are NOT required to submit Python script or Python Notebook. However in some cases , we might ask you to send your script separately in order to verify that your submissions is a result of models that you built .
3. you can submit as many times as you want, we'll put best score obtained on the respective leader board. 
4. Your predictions should not contain any NA and/or NaN values.
5. You are are free to use any predictive modelling technique
